These artsey keymaps rely on files available in the artsey qmk firmware directory.

To use these keymaps:

	1. Open the qmk artsey firmware directory https://github.com/artseyio/artsey-qmk and follow the "How to Build" instructions.
	2. Open the left_hand or right_hand folder, depending on if you are building a lefty or righty paintbrush.
	3. Copy all the files EXCEPT the keymaps folder.
	4. Paste them in the appropriate keymap's folder. 
			For example, if you are building a righty keyboard with vanilla artsey, you would paste the files 
			into the folder paintbrush/keymaps/artsey_righty.
	5. When compiling this keyboard you must specify if you are compiling the righty or lefty version. 
			For example: 
				qmk compile -kb paintbrush/righty -km artsey_righty
				qmk compile -kb paintbrush/lefty -km artsey_lefty
			or
				make -j 1 paintbrush/righty:artsey_righty
				make -j 1 paintbrush/lefty:artsey_lefty

If you are using vanilla artsey, you can now compile.

If you are using artsey_lefty_colemak or artsey_righty_colemak, follow these additional instructions to 
modify artsey for the Colemak layout:

	Per the "How to modify" instructions from the artsey-qmk repo:

		"All of the ARTSEY combo behavior is defined in macros.c. The non-combo key behavior is defined in artsey.h. 
		These files are autogenerated by generator.R using the comma-separated definition files in artsey_combos.csv 
		and artsey_keycodes.csv. To change ARTSEY, make modifications to these files, save them, and run generator.R. 
		You can also use an online version of the generator at http://keyboardlist.com"

To change to the Colemak home row layout using keyboardlist.com, follow these steps:
	
	1. Go to http://keyboardlist.com
	2. Click "artsey.io" on the navigation
	3. Choose left hand or right hand, then click "Load Combos and Codes from Repo"
	4. In the first half of the page, edit the entries in ONLY the TAP column so that your table looks like this:
		
CODE | LAYER | TAP 
--- | --- | ---  
A | BASE | KC_T
R | BASE | KC_S 
T | BASE | KC_R
S | BASE | KC_A
E | BASE | KC_N
Y | BASE | KC_E
		
	5. In the second half of the page, find the IO combo entry. Change the value in the ACTION column so it looks like this:
		
COMBO | LAYER | ACTION
--- | --- | ---
IO | BASE | tap_code(KC_Y)
		
	6. Generate the files using the buttons at the bottom of the page, and use the generated files to replace the default 
	ones in your repo.


To change to the Colemak home row layout using R, follow these steps:

	1. Download R from https://www.r-project.org/.
	2. Open artsey_keycodes.csv.
	3. Replace lines 2-7
			A,BASE,KC_A,_A_BRAC
			R,BASE,KC_R,
			T,BASE,KC_T,
			S,BASE,KC_S,_A_NUM
			E,BASE,KC_E,_A_SYM
			Y,BASE,KC_Y,
		with:
			A,BASE,KC_T,_A_BRAC
			R,BASE,KC_S,
			T,BASE,KC_R,
			S,BASE,KC_A,_A_NUM
			E,BASE,KC_N,_A_SYM
			Y,BASE,KC_E,
	4. Save and close artsey_keycodes.csv.
	5. Open artsey_combos.csv.
	6. Replace line 17
			IO,BASE,tap_code(KC_N)
		with:
			IO,BASE,tap_code(KC_Y)
	7. Save and close artsey_combos.csv.
	8. Run the generator.R script.

You can now compile your firmware as normal.
